now my brother it's okay guys I know CPR
wake up wake up why aren't you waking up
what is up guys can you bring you
another black and white to you you match
today and I've got you match against
cake for you I don't know if he hasn't
you to born I and all that stuff I don't
have a jazz emerge as in my team my team
is very stuff of week in fact it's all
stuff a week but you know what I have
the taunton froslass which don't
actually lead with and have the magic
bounce ones are two to counter I that
thing and my scarf was it the
thingamabob it's called final gambit
that thing happens flying gem boosted
acrobatics on the Archaea spikes has
indeed which is my suiciding froslass
are to the magic balancer scarf
chandelure and spades moxie sep I mean
for excellence ain't gonna be stealth
rocks so after make sure I keeps our two
in them froslass alive taunt and magic
bounce around but this Rotom is why
thought we'd lead with and I have 15 in
which we found a gambit and fun again
this thing on the first time which
happens is Grayson's gonna have my life
because it could have potentially found
the board my entire team for neutral
awesome affected down he was super
effective damage on for my guys that's
huge actually three yeah 30 three of our
guys otherwise over he would have killed
like the rest of it and it's like dun
dun dun dun that thing's gone only for
the scarf or not cuz like Victini out
speeds and like and destroys anyway so
that's good but now is gonna be feared
of my ice beam and whatever torn just to
make sure he doesn't get cell roxbury
actually goes in ready still straight
way and this is good because he can't
talk to melissa has I've had which he
doesn't and as I was a good for like
spikes as they go for his earthquake I'm
like yep I couldn't stay in all day I
can take the like thing when Bob's all
day the earthquakes clothes that she
doing nothing to me yes cursed boy he
hacked as well just kind of funny and
he's gonna I'm thinking he's gonna stay
in and maybe go if like a key wave or I
starve us again and now he goes stove
rocks
on his a red still so I have that to be
careful about but I'm protecting him
switch out game cause earthquakes on
been doing anything to me and he goes to
him on China unfortunately unfortunat
right here you see I get a nice being
off and yeah I get a Crip and embrace
the hacks my life one ha yeah obviously
mattered but um what can I do what can I
do and this Swampert comes in i'm gonna
go for nod talks i don't i'm not playing
any games right now i'm making sure he
doesn't like sub curse or sub some
anything weird i just don't want him to
do anything weird you guys aren't
waterfall earthquake to take me out
don't i don't reverse or i don't
remember what i saw people because left
is recovery so does show me mate he's
probably a bomb bomb more bulkier sir
i'm going to chandelure gonna make the
very very obvious and stupid play of
going for energy ball shoulda made this
prediction to go for fire blast into his
register but then again the swamp it was
quite huge threat and get it ours
quickly as possible woulda been a
benefactor but i do get a crit on the
energy was kind of funny but still does
piss damage that's what child shouting
law because i can't do anything to it
and i'm pretty sure he's going to start
stealth rocks we actually go to toxic on
my as i stopped in twos are too and
that's kind of stupid because yeah he
caught he's a steel-type but i do have
heat wave and he does literally nothing
I don't have any special attack
investment but still that was surprising
that and I've rocky almazan and that she
did about the same out damage to vital
skill then he waved it he's gone finding
my opinion it's very funny in my opinion
but he's going to gonna go into swamp at
night I think I go forward I've ever not
a heat wave right here and soon after
dogs wouldn't go for you turn I do have
roost on T wave on this thing but
obviously i can t wave and revive roof
star don't really need to get really
backed for was not there's not a huge NC
urgent see at the moment so right now
we'll go into you mad bro that hunch
crow because i'm pretty sure i can just
go up for a sucker punch and just pretty
much killed off and waffle does that
work more than I expected but then it is
a Swamper and it has good bulk and over
a sucker punch here but he actually
shows you raw so he's at he's the phaser
on that team but yeah he doesn't have
any rocks up so it's all good
fine and dandy and I go for flying Jim
boosted acrobatics and what do you know
this butter is absolutely d stroyed and
in comes the gligar and what do you
already know hasn't happened what do you
know he's not gonna get crap but yeah
non-flying gem boosted acrobatics I was
learning about court to violate gligar
shows the power than the power the bulk
of that and you guys are
you turn as it showed into his registeel
and of course i still have my speed and
attack I have no reason not to go for an
earthquake close if you guys in blogger
he's not like he's going to get lefties
recover anything and he i'm in the bed
positional moment but this thing comes
in he goes relief storm with his
superior its scarf because the outspread
me and to why should I don't have a
scarf I don't know what happens with
life but this happens he's life order
how do you have to be me I don't know
how it's been me but still this happened
and I take him out with five loss
because this stupid contrary a legal
of superior happens I didn't you
told me in this like chat you he ran
away soon as like I clicked oh hi and
got my FC and so I'm gonna like destroy
his life with fire past I missed the
first time though that's typical
chandelure for you typical novelty of
the Chandelure toxic happens burn
wouldn't take him out with a fire blast
and that huge ass threat of a
superior just got demolished by a scarf
channel also yeah when a superior comes
out run ashan of law and you'll be fine
and with that being said canes gonna
says to you good and hog and no goodbye
I'm not German why why I do that my last
video what the hell ok goodbye people
spin me right round baby